good here is the mick bringing mistreated is
a survival game plus one is ne
This one is in the open world.
footprint has not been half since and we have a few
infected mutants or something I do not
I know I know I'm not a zombie is
I did not really see many scattered
the map and faced some died are
very difficult to kill
are people I do not know right monthly allowance
right what it is
I know I really liked the graphics on the
game I'm seeing the visual environment is
very very beautiful the character tá
half coarse do not join in alpha in that
early access to steam does not
those who still wanted
drive and a cool curiosity
that the visuals of the environment are
Seeing are pretty well done.
the construction of the game is being done
with the crytek cry engine is the same
engine of crises is an open world made
with the sensational graphics of that engine
crytek
and so I quite liked the
ambiance
I played a little in the third person
here is this video I'm recording
after playing is like i did not know
right what to expect from the game I recorded
without audio is without any narration and now
I'm doing a brief review here
had the game
the environments are very wide and so the
map itself is not so great yet, but more
his construction is so well done that
it looks like it's bigger than it is
it's very cool the textures of
vegetation to water lighting then
sensational
who has a map and get an idea more or
less than the size of the map for now
not everything is accessible do you have
You can see there is a city above
That's where we're going, it 's a city.
but it also has other cities
neighboring countries and the exploitation is very
already dimming a little of the
vegetation lighting is very nice
The game is not heavy
despite using the engine of the crisis, right?
the textures are a little bit
seasons right to Estamo south heaven the
textures are not totally in full
as the right cras but is to be expected I
open game with such a great would not give
to use the maximum textures without affecting
performance gives one more is better ne
this server had some people right
playing and so you stay in that
apprehension in this one does not know if
find someone in any corner is
well- constructed so the setting of
cause it's something I always feel
much lack is is dirty environments and cars
destroyed until then but I do not know yet
finds everything very clean and difficult to find
evil in the game saw is to develop are
quite difficult to use weapons but
has points of kings stage that if you
find out where it is you will always
finding the game is fine even in the
beginning is was released I think in October
2014 and so has a lot of bug
failures still the servers not so full
if it is difficult to find a server with
enough people playing the servers for
while it has up to 32 people, right?
I do not know what the plans are.
developed and increase the hatchet
It's incredible, I think it's the hatchet.
When I go to see the terror is this not
liked the video since its like
subscribe to the channel to stay inside
the novelties such